SNOW-1429855 Explicit raise NotImplementedError for groupby.apply with include_groups = False (#1602)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: src/snowflake/snowpark/modin/plugin/PANDAS_CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed bug when performing multiple DataFrameGroupBy apply/transform operations on the same DataFrame.
- Fixed type hints for property methods, e.g. Series.empty.
- Fixed `pd.merge` and `Dataframe.merge` outer join behavior according to pandas 2.x.

> - Fixed `groupby apply` int not serializable bug.
> - Fixed `groupby.apply` to raise NotImplementedError for `include_groups = False`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `DataFrameGroupBy/SeriesGroupBy.apply` int not serializable bug.
- Fixed `DataFrameGroupBy/SeriesGroupBy.apply` to raise NotImplementedError for `include_groups = False`. 
```
```suggestion
- Fixed `groupby apply` int not serializable bug.
- Fixed `groupby.apply` to raise NotImplementedError for `include_groups = False`. 
```
